feat: adding possibility to pin information on preview area (#83)
bluefireteam/dashbook: README.md

      );
    });

    return SizedBox();
  });
```

## Example information

> More than often, an example may not be intuitive enough and the user may be lost without some instruction on how to interact with it. To mitigate that, text information can be linked to an example to serve as a guide, or really to show any relevant information.

Reviewer: Too long line

> More than often, an example may not be intuitive enough and the user may be lost without some instruction on how to interact with it. To mitigate that, text information can be linked to an example to serve as a guide, or really to show any relevant information.

Reviewer: -More than
just start with "Often" and no comma
(The saying you were looking for is "More often than not", but I think it is easier to read with just often)

```suggestion
Often an example may not be intuitive enough and the user may be lost without some instruction on how to interact with it. To mitigate that, text information can be linked to an example to serve as a guide, or to show any other relevant information.
```

> To do so, simple use the `info` parameter on the `add` method of a story:

Reviewer: Simply

Author: ```suggestion
To do so, simply use the `info` parameter on the `add` method of a story:
```

```dart
final dashbook = Dashbook();

dashbook
  .storiesOf('CustomDialog')
  .add('default',
    (ctx) {
      ctx.action('Open dialog', (context) {
        showDialog(
          context: context,
          builder: (_) => CustomDialog(),
        );
      });

      return SizedBox();
    },
    info: 'Use the actions button on the side to show the dialog.',
  );
```

This will present a small `i` icon on the side toolbar that once clicked will present the information to the user.

> Dashbook also offers the possibility to directly show the information on the preview area, removing the necessity for the user to click on the icon. To do so, simple pass `true` to the `pinInfo` parameter.

Reviewer: Too long line

> Dashbook also offers the possibility to directly show the information on the preview area, removing the necessity for the user to click on the icon. To do so, simple pass `true` to the `pinInfo` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dashbook also offers the possibility to directly show the information on the preview area, removing the necessity for the user to click on the icon. To do so, pass `true` to the `pinInfo` parameter.
```
